Part of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association. WikipediaContains the auditory cortex, which is responsible for processing sounds.WikipediaShown in research to perform a primary role in the processing of memory, decision-making and emotional responses (including fear, anxiety, and aggression). The amygdalae are considered part of the limbic system. WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaThe insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathology. WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.Part of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.WikipediaSurrounds the hippocampus and is part of the limbic system. This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval.WikipediaResponsible for the perception of taste.WikipediaPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia      The insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipediaA large region occupying the anterior portion of the brain's frontal lobe. Suggested to play a role in complex, higher order behavior PNASPlays important roles in the consolidation of information from short-term memory to long-term memory, and in spatial memory that enables navigation. Humans have two hippocampi, one on each side of the brain.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex. The cerebral cortex covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia    Part of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.WikipediaIts function is currently not well understood, but its location close to visual areas and also to the hippocampal spatial/memory system suggest it may have a role in mediating between perceptual and memory functions.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment. The secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in remembering the differences between tactile shapes and texturesStudy.com/WikipediaPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment.WikipediaPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.WikipediaThe primary motor cortex is the primary region of the motor system and works in association with other motor areas including premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area, posterior parietal cortex, and several subcortical brain regions, to plan and execute movements.Wikipedia      Part of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.WikipediaPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaMost likely involved in eye movement, as electrical stimulation evokes saccades (quick movements) of the eyes. It is also thought to contribute to  working memory associated with guiding eye movement.WikipediaPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia     The frontal eye field is responsible for saccadic eye movements for the purpose of visual field perception and awareness, as well as for voluntary eye movement.Wikipedia      Part of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. WikipediaPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia     Part of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. WikipediaThe caudate nucleus is one of the structures that make up the corpus striatum, which is a component of the basal ganglia. While the caudate nucleus has long been associated with motor processes due to its role in Parkinson's disease, it plays important roles in various other nonmotor functions as well, including procedural learning, associative learningand inhibitory control of action, among other functions. The caudate is also one of the brain structures which compose the reward system and functions as part of the cortico–basal ganglia–thalamic loop.WikipediaRegulates movements at various stages (e.g. preparation and execution) and influences various types of learningWikipediaA core component of the reward system which forms part of the limbic loop of the basal ganglia, a pathway involved in the regulation of motivational salience, behavior, and emotions. It is also involved in addiction.WikipediaThe accumbens nucleus has a significant role in the cognitive processing of motivation, aversion, reward (i.e., incentive salience, pleasure, and positive reinforcement), and reinforcement learning (e.g., Pavlovian-instrumental transfer); hence, it has a significant role in addiction. In addition, part of the accumbens nucleus core is centrally involved in the induction of slow-wave sleep. The accumbens nucleus plays a lesser role in processing fear (a form of aversion), impulsivity, and the placebo effect. It is involved in the encoding of new motor programs as well.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.WikipediaContains the auditory cortex, which is responsible for processing sounds.WikipediaShown in research to perform a primary role in the processing of memory, decision-making and emotional responses (including fear, anxiety, and aggression). The amygdalae are considered part of the limbic system.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaThe insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.WikipediaSurrounds the hippocampus and is part of the limbic system. This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval.WikipediaResponsible for the perception of taste.WikipediaAn area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaThe insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipediaA large region occupying the anterior portion of the brain's frontal lobe. Suggested to play a role in complex, higher order behaviorPNAS   Plays important roles in the consolidation of information from short-term memory to long-term memory, and in spatial memory that enables navigation. Humans have two hippocampi, one on each side of the brain.Wikipedia  Part of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.WikipediaPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment. The secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in remembering the differences between tactile shapes and texturesStudy.com/WikipediaPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment.WikipediaPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.WikipediaThe primary motor cortex is the primary region of the motor system and works in association with other motor areas including premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area, posterior parietal cortex, and several subcortical brain regions, to plan and execute movements.WikipediaPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.WikipediaPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaMost likely involved in eye movement, as electrical stimulation evokes saccades (quick movements) of the eyes. It is also thought to contribute to  working memory associated with guiding eye movement.WikipediaPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.WikipediaThe frontal eye field is responsible for saccadic eye movements for the purpose of visual field perception and awareness, as well as for voluntary eye movement.WikipediaPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.WikipediaPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.WikipediaPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. WikipediaPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. WikipediaPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. WikipediaThe caudate nucleus is one of the structures that make up the corpus striatum, which is a component of the basal ganglia. While the caudate nucleus has long been associated with motor processes due to its role in Parkinson's disease, it plays important roles in various other nonmotor functions as well, including procedural learning, associative learningand inhibitory control of action, among other functions. The caudate is also one of the brain structures which compose the reward system and functions as part of the cortico–basal ganglia–thalamic loop.WikipediaRegulates movements at various stages (e.g. preparation and execution) and influences various types of learningWikipediaA core component of the reward system which forms part of the limbic loop of the basal ganglia, a pathway involved in the regulation of motivational salience, behavior, and emotions. It is also involved in addiction.WikipediaThe accumbens nucleus has a significant role in the cognitive processing of motivation, aversion, reward (i.e., incentive salience, pleasure, and positive reinforcement), and reinforcement learning (e.g., Pavlovian-instrumental transfer); hence, it has a significant role in addiction. In addition, part of the accumbens nucleus core is centrally involved in the induction of slow-wave sleep. The accumbens nucleus plays a lesser role in processing fear (a form of aversion), impulsivity, and the placebo effect. It is involved in the encoding of new motor programs as well.Wikipedia