1Temporal polar cortexPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.Wikipedia2Superior temporal cortexContains the auditory cortex, which is responsible for processing sounds.Wikipedia3AmygdaleShown in research to perform a primary role in the processing of memory, decision-making and emotional responses (including fear, anxiety, and aggression). The amygdalae are considered part of the limbic system.Wikipedia4Orbitoinferior prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia5Anterior insulaThe insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipedia6Orbitomedial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia7Central temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.Wikipedia8Orbitolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia9Inferior temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.Wikipedia10Parahippocampal cortexSurrounds the hippocampus and is part of the limbic system. This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval.Wikipedia11Gustatory cortexResponsible for the perception of taste.Wikipedia12Ventrolateral premotor cortexPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia13Anterior visual area, ventral partPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia14Posterior insula      The insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipedia15Prefrontal polar cortexA large region occupying the anterior portion of the brain's frontal lobe. Suggested to play a role in complex, higher order behaviorPNAS16HippocampusPlays important roles in the consolidation of information from short-term memory to long-term memory, and in spatial memory that enables navigation. Humans have two hippocampi, one on each side of the brain.Wikipedia17Subgenual cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia18Ventrolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia19Visual area 2 (secondary visual cortex)Part of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia20Medial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex. The cerebral cortex covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia21Ventral temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.Wikipedia22"Anterior visual area, dorsal part"Part of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia23Visual area 1 (primary visual cortex)Part of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia24Centrolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia25Secondary auditory cortex      Part of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.Wikipedia26Retrosplenial cingulate cortexIts function is currently not well understood, but its location close to visual areas and also to the hippocampal spatial/memory system suggest it may have a role in mediating between perceptual and memory functionsWikipedia27Posterior cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia28Anterior cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia29Secondary somatosensory cortexPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment. The secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in remembering the differences between tactile shapes and texturesStudy.com/Wikipedia30Primary somatosensory cortexPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment.Wikipedia31Primary auditory cortexPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.Wikipedia32Primary motor cortexThe primary motor cortex is the primary region of the motor system and works in association with other motor areas including premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area, posterior parietal cortex, and several subcortical brain regions, to plan and execute movements.Wikipedia33Inferior parietal cortex      Part of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia34Medial parietal cortexPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia35Dorsomedial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia36Intraparietal cortexMost likely involved in eye movement, as electrical stimulation evokes saccades (quick movements) of the eyes. It is also thought to contribute to  working memory associated with guiding eye movement.Wikipedia37Superior parietal cortexPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia38Frontal eye field      The frontal eye field is responsible for saccadic eye movements for the purpose of visual field perception and awareness, as well as for voluntary eye movement.Wikipedia39Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex      Part of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia40Medial premotor cortexPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia41Dorsolateral premotor cortexPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia42Thalamic ROI with major frontalPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia43Thalamic ROI with major temporal Part of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia44Thalamic ROI with major occipitoparietal      Part of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia45Caudate nucleusThe caudate nucleus is one of the structures that make up the corpus striatum, which is a component of the basal ganglia. While the caudate nucleus has long been associated with motor processes due to its role in Parkinson's disease, it plays important roles in various other nonmotor functions as well, including procedural learning, associative learningand inhibitory control of action, among other functions. The caudate is also one of the brain structures which compose the reward system and functions as part of the cortico–basal ganglia–thalamic loop.Wikipedia46PutamenRegulates movements at various stages (e.g. preparation and execution) and influences various types of learningWikipedia47PallidumA core component of the reward system which forms part of the limbic loop of the basal ganglia, a pathway involved in the regulation of motivational salience, behavior, and emotions. It is also involved in addiction.Wikipedia48Accumbens nucleusThe accumbens nucleus has a significant role in the cognitive processing of motivation, aversion, reward (i.e., incentive salience, pleasure, and positive reinforcement), and reinforcement learning (e.g., Pavlovian-instrumental transfer); hence, it has a significant role in addiction. In addition, part of the accumbens nucleus core is centrally involved in the induction of slow-wave sleep. The accumbens nucleus plays a lesser role in processing fear (a form of aversion), impulsivity, and the placebo effect. It is involved in the encoding of new motor programs as well.Wikipedia49Temporal polar cortexPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.Wikipedia50Superior temporal cortexContains the auditory cortex, which is responsible for processing sounds.Wikipedia51AmygdalaShown in research to perform a primary role in the processing of memory, decision-making and emotional responses (including fear, anxiety, and aggression). The amygdalae are considered part of the limbic system.Wikipedia52Orbitoinferior prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia53Anterior insula- The insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipedia54Orbitomedial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia55Central temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.Wikipedia56Orbitolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia57Inferior temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. The temporal lobe consists of structures that are vital for declarative or long-term memory.Wikipedia58Parahippocampal cortexSurrounds the hippocampus and is part of the limbic system. This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval.Wikipedia59Gustatory cortexResponsible for the perception of taste.Wikipedia60Ventrolateral premotor cortexAn area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia61Anterior visual area, ventral partPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia62Posterior insula      The insulae are believed to be involved in consciousness and play a role in diverse functions usually linked to emotion or the regulation of the body's homeostasis. These functions include compassion and empathy,  perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning, and interpersonal experience. In relation to these, it is involved in psychopathologyWikipedia63Prefrontal polar cortexA large region occupying the anterior portion of the brain's frontal lobe. Suggested to play a role in complex, higher order behaviorPNAS64Hippocampus      Plays important roles in the consolidation of information from short-term memory to long-term memory, and in spatial memory that enables navigation. Humans have two hippocampi, one on each side of the brain.Wikipedia65Subgenual cingulate cortex      Part of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia66Ventrolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia67Visual area 2 (secondary visual cortex)Part of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia68Medial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia69Ventral temporal cortexPart of the temporal lobe. involved in processing sensory input into derived meanings for the appropriate retention of visual memory, language comprehension, and emotion association.Wikipedia70Anterior visual area, dorsal partPart of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia71Visual area 1 (primary visual cortex)      Part of the visual cortex, which is the part of the cerebral cortex that processes visual information.Wikipedia72Centrolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia73Secondary auditory cortexPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.Wikipedia74Retrosplenial cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia75Posterior cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia76Anterior cingulate cortexPart of the cingulate cortex, which is an integral part of the limbic system. It is involved in emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory.Wikipedia77Secondary somatosensory cortexPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment. The secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in remembering the differences between tactile shapes and texturesStudy.com/Wikipedia78Primary somatosensory cortexPart of the somatosensory cortex, which is a part of the cerebral cortex. It processes sensations, or external stimuli, from our environment.Wikipedia79Primary auditory cortexPart of the auditory cortex. The auditory cortex is the part of the temporal lobe that processes auditory information in humans and many other vertebrates. It is a part of the auditory system, performing basic and higher functions in hearing, such as possible relations to language switching.Wikipedia80Primary motor cortex      The primary motor cortex is the primary region of the motor system and works in association with other motor areas including premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area, posterior parietal cortex, and several subcortical brain regions, to plan and execute movements.Wikipedia81Inferior parietal cortex      Part of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia82Medial parietal cortexPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia83Dorsomedial prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia84Intraparietal cortexMost likely involved in eye movement, as electrical stimulation evokes saccades (quick movements) of the eyes. It is also thought to contribute to  working memory associated with guiding eye movement.Wikipedia85Superior parietal cortexPart of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe integrates sensory information among various modalities, including spatial sense and navigation (proprioception), the main sensory receptive area for the sense of touch in the somatosensory cortex which is just posterior to the central sulcus in the postcentral gyrus,[2] and the dorsal stream of the visual system. The major sensory inputs from the skin (touch, temperature, and pain receptors), relay through the thalamus to the parietal lobe. Several areas of the parietal lobe are important in language processing.Wikipedia86Frontal eye fieldThe frontal eye field is responsible for saccadic eye movements for the purpose of visual field perception and awareness, as well as for voluntary eye movement.Wikipedia87Dorsolateral prefrontal cortexPart of the prefrontal cortex, which is the cerebral cortex that covers the front part of the frontal lobe. This brain region has been implicated in planning complex cognitive behavior, personality expression, decision making, and moderating social behavior. The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals.Wikipedia88Medial premotor cortexPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia89Dorsolateral premotor cortexPart of the premotor cortex, which is an area of motor cortex lying within the frontal lobe of the brain just anterior to the primary motor cortex. The functions of the premotor cortex are diverse and not fully understood.Wikipedia90Thalamic ROI with major frontal Part of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia91Thalamic ROI with major temporalPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia92Thalamic ROI with major occipitoparietalPart of the thalamus. The thalamus is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness. Wikipedia93Caudate nucleusThe caudate nucleus is one of the structures that make up the corpus striatum, which is a component of the basal ganglia. While the caudate nucleus has long been associated with motor processes due to its role in Parkinson's disease, it plays important roles in various other nonmotor functions as well, including procedural learning, associative learningand inhibitory control of action, among other functions. The caudate is also one of the brain structures which compose the reward system and functions as part of the cortico–basal ganglia–thalamic loop.Wikipedia94PutamenRegulates movements at various stages (e.g. preparation and execution) and influences various types of learningWikipedia95PallidumA core component of the reward system which forms part of the limbic loop of the basal ganglia, a pathway involved in the regulation of motivational salience, behavior, and emotions. It is also involved in addiction.Wikipedia96Accumbens nucleusThe accumbens nucleus has a significant role in the cognitive processing of motivation, aversion, reward (i.e., incentive salience, pleasure, and positive reinforcement), and reinforcement learning (e.g., Pavlovian-instrumental transfer); hence, it has a significant role in addiction. In addition, part of the accumbens nucleus core is centrally involved in the induction of slow-wave sleep. The accumbens nucleus plays a lesser role in processing fear (a form of aversion), impulsivity, and the placebo effect. It is involved in the encoding of new motor programs as well.Wikipedia